---
title: Lesson 7
layout: post
author: barney.mepham
permalink: /lesson-7/
source-id: 1QoMai2YxuxxLqYVk3LUBakYdoCu41DLseeaR8bckwGg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>4-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have finish exercise 4-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No I unfortunately I did not because we ran out of time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt how to make a light flash using the Fuze box and it was awesome!!!! Lawrence and I first put in the code and then we put in the code into the computer first. Although when we were adding the lights and wires to the fuze box we kept on accidentally pressing keys which was a bit annoying but funny at the same time. Me and Lawrence found that we worked most effectively by following the images to help us put the wires and bulbs onto the fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We kept on putting the wires in the wrong places and it was really annoying when we pressed the keys on the fuze box , which edited the code, by accident. We only managed to do up to our 2nd set of bulbs we were almost on our third set at the end of the lesson because of that but I still found it amazing that they light up through a box that was also a keyboard.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will definitely make sure that we put everything in the right place!!!! I found that each time we made a mistake it got a little bit more annoying than before which I definitely do not want to have happen again. I will improve my learning by making sure that i do not waste anytime as we did this week. I hope that we will be able to reach the next exercise next time as well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


