---
title: Lesson 6
layout: post
author: barney.mepham
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1IDEJY0Rm_T9MQlDnxO0xyG_M_u2pOXvLvrkMCFD8feo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Ex 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add background image to my website and finish project 2-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Not only did I finish one of my targets I finished two of them!!!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt how to change the background of my website to what you see now cool isn't it!!!
I also learnt how to do exercise 2-1 there were two parts 1. What is your name, where you typed in your name and it was programmed to know a name and if you typed that name in it would go i know you. 2. The other part was age where you said your age if below twelve it said wow you are really young between 13 and 18 it said your a teenager and the last one was over 18 it said wow your really old. I found that as I had a new partner as Lawrence was not there we took a couple lines for him and I told him what to write and then we swapped round.               </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that with a different partner we were going at different paces so we took more time on his parts as me and Lawrence were an exercise ahead of him. I think that next time I need to work on making sure that I do not rush certain parts as this made my code more likely to be faulted.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I do not rush certain parts of the code which I think are easy and it would definitely improve my learning if I proofread my work so overall i would save time and make sure that I have checked that the commas and other punctuation are in the right place.
Another way to improve my learning is by making sure I have written all the code down.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


