---
title: Lesson 9
layout: post
author: barney.mepham
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1hiCQX-h5Se0LkZxNfGQIliJiPGzdrfs4K_U9u1NADs0
published: true
---
Lesson 9

Today we went around the classroom putting comments on comment sheets for people's posters we were told that we  could write negative or positive comments like on the real internet. In on poster we had to include:

our hobbies

what we will use social media for in the future regarding college and our future job

our likes 

our dislikes

where we live 

about our families.

It was very hard to think of an idea to start it off but from then on it was much easier.

I was a bit nervous sharing my graph with the class because I thought I would get lots of negative comments (I only got a few) one being 'oh' which was a bit confusing.

Commenting on other people's I felt quite mean because if they made a spelling mistake I would write about that.

I enjoyed the process though because if I had done it face to face half the class would hate me. Most my comments were mutual or positive. Nothing really surprised me though.

It's different because they can recognise your handwriting and the person next to you can see what you wrote.

I think that my identity map did help me think what I will post online even my strange hobbies may be entertaining to other people. I can't make any changes because I don’t  have social media yet. The six lessons we did on social media did change my perspective of it because before I almost believed all the things social media said and I had never thought of the deeper meaning of adverts.

I learnt that I need to be careful in the future about my social media and I can't post stupid things without thinking and before I post anything, consider if I really need to post it.

I want to thank my IT teacher for teaching me these things and now I see a totally new side of social media.

