---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: barney.mepham
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1iryj8y_Hk1WitVB0uyHWNWjp5f5c2OrQ5pw7lYWlrLU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 1.5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach Exercise 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I just managed to finish this exercise at the end of the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt that we could do complex coding well together and it went very well and we just reached exercise 2 at the end of the lesson. We found that it was easier to do it if we did it slowly following the instructions exactly. I think we just achieved our achievement just because we just finish exercise 1.5 at the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I limited my learning by not putting one of the wires in properly which caused the computer to turn off twice which I found very annoying as I had not finished the code, I was around halfway through the code when it happened. Lawrence and I were very annoyed because of this. I need to work on my awareness of all the plugs being in properly</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will make sure that all the plugs are in properly and that all the wires are connected to the machine which we use for the coding. I will improve my learning a lot by making sure that everything is connected so that I can get more work done because Lawrence and I were very annoyed when we had lost all our code because we had not fully saved it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


